{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 To whom it may concern,
\f1  \

\f0 \'a0
\f1  \

\f0 		I would like to express my interest for the position of Eligibility Rep I at Health Net Inc. I have researched the excellent care and customer appreciation that Health Net is known for and the excellent reputation is why I choose this company. Throughout my job search and conversations with other nurses, I have come to respect the professionalism that characterizes your organization and its employees. I am confident that Health Nets\'92 values and objectives would highly compliment my own strengths and enthusiasm.
\f1  \

\f0 \'a0
\f1  \

\f0 I graduated from the Vocational Nursing Program in June 2011, and started employment in July 2012 in the Correctional Department. I am currently working with a variety of diseases and disabilities, and am capable of monitoring changes in a patient and conditions and reporting them to my charge nurse accordingly. I am qualified to assist physicians with sterile procedures and treatments.
\f1  I want to show my hard work ethic and dedication by taking care of patients as a Licensed Vocational Nurse.
\f0 \'a0I enjoy working with people and their families and endeavor to accommodate their physical and emotional needs that are within my scope of practice. The satisfaction of contributing to the patient\'92s plan of care is my ultimate goal as a reputable nurse.
\f1  \

\f0 \'a0
\f1  \

\f0 Please review the enclosed resume and consider my application as a Licensed Vocational Nurse in becoming a part of your team at Health Net. I would appreciate meeting with you, exchanging ideas concerning a career and the positive contributions I would offer as a member of your organization.
\f1  \
}