{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green0\blue155;\red26\green26\blue26;\red11\green85\blue25;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16960\viewh11420\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Janel Bradford 
\b0 \
Anthropology 310 \
Tues/Thurs 12:00 - 1:20 \
\
\
\
				      
\b\fs28  				Our
\b0\fs24  
\b\fs28 Age Relations: Starbucks Edition
\b0\fs24 \
\
	The location that I did my research at was Starbucks, one of the many national chains in the United States. In the shopping center, next to Starbucks, includes many businesses such as: Raleys, Goodwill Donation Center, Subway, Jamba Juice, Panda Express and Chase Bank. There are plenty of parking spaces available to accommodate the business, although the parking designated for Starbucks is not easily accessible. This location is located on Elk Grove Boulevard and Franklin Rd. I am observing age relations and focusing on if there is a cultural difference between what age groups are sociable, and the time and day that different age groups order coffee.\
\
	Starbucks is a great location because it\'92s diverse, busy and centrally located. Coffee in the United States has become such an important part of daily life. Men and women are always so busy. They are commuting everyday in the \'93Rat Race\'94, and they are constantly tired and feel that they need some sort of caffeine. Coffee is also expressed in many different terms like: fix, rush, and pick me up. However, in the event that you aren't always busy and may have a comfortable and relaxing life, the need for caffeine seems the same.\
\
	Coffee has been around for many decades and coffee makers have become a staple in various homes around the world. Starbucks had there first location in 1971. They had a slow start, opening their first store in Seattle, Washington. Jerry Baldwin, Zev Siegl and Gordon Bowker got the idea from Alfred Peet (of Peet\'92s Coffee fame). The store was only selling coffee beans and making equipment, which is not the drinks they have become famous for today. Currently they have 17,000 locations Nationwide in more than 55 countries. There are 11,000 locations in the United States alone. Starbucks offers a variety of different caffeinated beverages as well as tea, smoothies, and lemonade. Signature food items have been added to their menu along with fruit, baked sweets, wraps, and other healthy choices. Starbucks also provides free Wifi, which attracts plenty of customers. Whether you travel to Starbucks to purchase an item, or sit, study and relax, they have an inviting and comfortable seating area. \
\
	My first Visit to Starbucks was on Friday, September 18th at 1:05 pm. Upon arrival, I noticed that there was a young man (teen) on his laptop. Sitting in the corner, was a man in his 40\'92s with his headphones attached to his laptop. Also, a woman in her 50\'92s was sitting on a lounge chair scrolling on her cell phone. At 1:08 a woman in her 30\'92s walked in and ordered a hot coffee, received her order, and left. Another woman in her 30\'92s entered carrying her daughter on her hip, she also ordered and left.  As time passed, I noticed three additional women enter in their 30\'92s within a 10 min span. All of the women ordered a hot beverage and left after their order was called. There was no acknowledgement or conversation between people standing in line or waiting for their order. It was like an unspoken agreement to not speak.\
\
	My second visit was on Monday, September 21st at 1:45 pm. When I arrived, There were two 20 year olds sitting inside on opposite sides of the establishment. There were also two men in their 50\'92s sitting at tables right next to each other. Outside, two men were also sitting at different tables, the 30 year old was writing in a journal, and the other, in his 20\'92s, had his headphones connected to his laptop. This visit was much more interesting because the average customer that entered from that point on were males in their 50\'92s. While I was walking towards the door, there were three older men in their 60\'92s and 70\'92s talking and chatting in a different language. When I got closer they stopped, and they continued once I passed. The employees were friendly and there were two men employees in their 40\'92s and one young man in their 20\'92s. One of the employees that was in his 40\'92s seemed to be conducting an interview to a man that was in his 30\'92s. The older men that entered ordered hot beverages and sat down. At 2:08 a couple in their 20\'92s entered and they both had backpacks. They both ordered a cold beverage, and they left immediately after they received their order.\
\
	The first visit had fourteen total customers; eleven women, three men. The average age group was women in their thirties. The women that came in, only placed an order for a hot beverage. No one was interacting, talking to their neighbor in line, or even acknowledging people coming in or out.  Everyone was in their own world, not paying attention to anyone or anything. In contrast, the employees were all in their 20\'92s and were very happy, and full of energy. On the second visit, there were thirteen total customers; four women, nine men. The average age group was men in their fifties. The older men that were inside and outside were conversing. The older men acknowledged people that were entering, and had an ease about them. These two visits were completely opposite because of the gender group, and different days of the week. The older men were more friendly, pleasant and observant and all of them ordered a hot beverage\
\
	In conclusion, I like Starbucks, and I think they have pretty good coffee. I would rather be in Starbucks around the older men in their 50\'92s, because it was a better environment and I was comfortable. However, I don't know why the majority of people feel like they need caffeine. If you have a successful business, such a Starbucks, I think there should be more healthy options. Most business serve bad food for one dollar and a salad for six dollars. People are getting sick and getting cancer and its definitely from what we are consuming. Other countries don't have as many of the health issues we have in the United States, and it\'92s because of the healthy options and the food that is provided for them to consume. I appreciate Starbucks for providing great service and good coffee, and I know it\'92s not just Starbucks, but I would like for Starbucks to be one of the first companies to be proactive for their millions of customers. \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural

\fs20 \cf0 Reference Google: \'93How did Starbucks begin?\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.coffee.org/History-of-Starbucks?view_all"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
History of Starbucks - Coffee.org}}
\f1 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
www.coffee.org/History-of-
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Starbucks
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
?view_all}